Kostadis Roussos: Hey, George.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, Nick.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you, were you able to… were you able to get that file I pointed you at?
Kostadis Roussos: You go to Discord, you click on the file?
ncroussos: thought.
Kostadis Roussos: Load it, and so you can set your character. It'll take you, like, 2 minutes to set up your, spells.
ncroussos: do I run?
Kostadis Roussos: You download the file, and open it in your browser.
Kostadis Roussos: Did we able to get it to work?
ncroussos: Yeah, one sec… yeah, it worked.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you think?
ncroussos: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: I got annoyed at trying to read those webpages.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me send a note to Theo, I…
Kostadis Roussos: They went for a run, a 5K run in the record.
ncroussos: Alright, I'm taking Silvery Barber.
Kostadis Roussos: How's the webpage… how's the thing I built? Is it useful? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, you can… there's this ability you have as a mage…
Kostadis Roussos: As a thing, where instead of using, your sneak attack.
ncroussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: You can use your spell with disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: So the guy makes a saving throw with disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what other spell is very useful?
ncroussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Sleep.
ncroussos: Yeah, I took that as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Because you could get a bunch of people wounded.
Kostadis Roussos: Cass, sleep, and then between you and the assassin, you could kill them in, like, half a round.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's kind of like…
Kostadis Roussos: Colmer walks in, knocks everybody down, with his… Everybody died, TPK. No, actually, nobody died.
Kostadis Roussos: Hi, George.
Kostadis Roussos: It's kind of fun. I've been working with.
ncroussos: Should I… No, I should take the Tech Magic, just cause…
Kostadis Roussos: Why would you take Detect Magic?
ncroussos: Cause there's been situat- cause…
ncroussos: there's not other… much other stuff I'd want, and, like, detect… it's nothing that you don't always use, but when you want to use it…
Kostadis Roussos: When you want to use it, it's there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Yeah. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We discovered something. Nick's… Nick's an arcane Trickster.
Thomas Kolivakis: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Hasn't been using spells.
Kostadis Roussos: It says a lot about this adventure and its paranoia, that using spells was not one of the things we wanted to do.
Kostadis Roussos: It says a lot about how… okay, hey, I just… guys, I need to tell you something. I finally read the NIC rules.
Thomas Kolivakis: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, they're not the way we've been playing it.
Kostadis Roussos: But I don't care, we can keep playing it that way, I just want you guys to know it for completeness' sake, alright?
ncroussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The way NIC works is it allows you to move a bonus action to your action, which frees up your bonus action.
ncroussos: Yes?
Kostadis Roussos: So you don't get 3 attacks, you get 2 attacks, but you also get the ability to attack, to use your… I'm gonna give you one, I'll do it, Shanimi.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll do it. It also… so it gives you the ability to use dis… attack twice, and then use disengage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
ncroussos: Isn't a wise woman to give you an extra attack if you move your…
Kostadis Roussos: Because that's just… it doesn't give you an extra attack, it just does that. That's what the rule… it doesn't give you an extra attack. Anyway, we've been playing it the way we've been playing it. I don't… I'm not gonna… I'm not gonna retroactively, but if you do want to use it that way, you should be aware that you can use it that way. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: So, anyway. I just, I had to read it up carefully, and one of my rule lawyers,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, when let's just remind ourselves what happened last time…
Kostadis Roussos: Review the short summary…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The… okay. The dust had barely settled on the fallen of the elemental prophets when Barkinar, the cold and composed leader of the Greater Temple, summoned the party into a vast, heavily guarded chamber, flacked by ogre bodyguards and a hill giant.
Kostadis Roussos: He looked upon them with something approaching genuine admiration, remarking that Romag, Harch, Alrem, and Bolzorg had all been problems on his list that very morning, and that four problems were gone by the sundown.
Kostadis Roussos: Without waiting for the response, he declared the upper temple theirs, tasked them with stabilizing the leaderless elemental factions, recovering a mysterious chest, and to remain civil toward the ambitious and paranoid Lord Wizard Senchok, and not let him underestimate them.
Kostadis Roussos: And to let him under as they made them, rather. Then he turned and walked back into the dark, leaving the party standing at the heart of the very organization they had come to destroy. Now its rulers.
Kostadis Roussos: Their weight of their new responsibilities settled quickly. Drenhalveth, the mercenary captain who had fought loyally at their side, approached and looked to Colmer as a new box, seeking clarity on his own standing.
Kostadis Roussos: After some deliberation, the party disagreed to promote Diren to lead the Earth Temple's forces, with the understanding that he would report directly to Colmer. Calmer visibly pleased with himself, wasted no time relocating the party's headquarters to the far more comfortable chambers once belonging to Harsh.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, realizing that the temple's leadership needed to be addressed, suggested election. Everyone burst out laughing. Sequoia reminded him that they were in an evil temple, and they had reached to the top after two assassinations and a war. Dren, after he stopped laughing, explained with barely concealed amusement that Alroam and his only remaining apprentice had died in a failed attempt to summon a fire elemental, and that the party now had a narrow window of
Kostadis Roussos: roughly one week, to plunder the Fire Temple before the Greater Temple expected order to be restored here. The party descended into the Fire Temple without hesitation. The great doors of beaten brass swung open to reveal a massive hall of red granite, lit by scores of torches and flaming crescents. The air
Kostadis Roussos: Thick with the smell of heated metal and sulfur, tapestries depicting scenes of fire and evil adorned the walls, and a large brash tube hung suspended from the ceiling by chains. Copper cauldrons filled with glowing amber flanked the central area, and at the farther… at the far southern end stood a translucent golden altar surrounded by skulls andlaid with hammered gold. At the heart of it all burned a temple-fired
Kostadis Roussos: pit, its coals glowing hot with tiny forms cavorting within the flames. It was Colmer who spotted the fire pit, and reasoning that the treasure chest must be hidden within, suggested dowsing the coals with water. The moment the flask was emptied into the pit, a great eruption of steam and vapor filled the chamber, and tiny forms within began to glow.
Kostadis Roussos: Three fire salamanders, serpentine and blazing, hauled themselves out of the pit and sniffed the air with predatory calm. The party erupted into a heated argument over whose idea it had been, with Calmer sheepishly admitting he was just trying to sound pompous and arrogant when he had claimed to have read about the situation moments before.
Kostadis Roussos: With the creatures now fully emerged and hunting, the party scrambled behind the great stone pillars lining the hull, and Kalmer wrapped himself in a protective aura of biting frost to ward off the heat. The salamanders moved with terrifying purpose. Two of them zeroed in on Calmer as the most obvious target, lunging with their flame spears and attempting to coil around them, though he managed to twist free of their gaps each time. Zephyr, hidden in the shadows, seized the moment.
Kostadis Roussos: Burst from concealment to unleash a devastating ambush on one of the creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Striking with lethal precision and dealing a staggering amount of damage before the salamander even knew he was there. Xenia charged across the battlefield in a blur of motion, landing a series of powerful blows against another foe before wisely retreating out of reach. Sequoia, meanwhile, moved through the chaos with quiet efficiency, cutting down one of the injured salamanders before the creature recovered.
Kostadis Roussos: The tide of battle shifted when one of the Alamanders drove its spear into Colmer, the searing heat washing over him, but the frost arrow surrounding the cleric retaliated instantly, blasting the creature with an intense
Kostadis Roussos: A burst of intense cold that sent it reeling backwards and fleeing across the chamber. Calmer swung his mace, and then at the retreating beast as it passed, but the blows sailed wide, missing entirely. Sequoia, badly wounded from a previous exchange, disengaged from the front lines and called out for healing, which Calmer provided with a surge of divine energy, before turning his attention back to the remaining salamanders, with the creatures bloodied and the party regrouping
Kostadis Roussos: Behind the pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: The Fire Temple's fearsome's guardians were on the back foot, and the plunder of the temple was just beginning.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, not sure if you remembered all that, but here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sign in.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, something's wrong with that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I don't know what just happened there, but nor do I particularly care.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to say, the fact that you're the new bosses of the, Temple of Elemental Evil after having come in to destroy it? Pretty impressive.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and I was very busy with this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, salamanders get to start.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you… are you guys logged in?
Thomas Kolivakis: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Alright. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Let me delete this… Alrighty…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: The salamander hisses.
Kostadis Roussos: And attempts to, constrict… Zephyr, so he stops moving around.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a saving throw, Zephyr.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, good.
Thomas Kolivakis: Constitution?
Kostadis Roussos: Strength saving throw.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, strength, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a strength.
Thomas Kolivakis: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: That is not a good thing for you to rule, I am quite sure.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, my, my.
Thomas Kolivakis: Tony is like.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's a little bit laggy this morning, I had to re- I had to reload it.
Thomas Kolivakis: 14?
Kostadis Roussos: You are restrained.
Thomas Kolivakis: Really, Ms. Fortune?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you needed a 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hi, I got… okay, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: No, I thought I'd put 2014. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You are restrained. And you are grappled.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Not interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, and you're… okay, that one doesn't restrain.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you are grappled, and you are restrained, which means that he has advantage on his next attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, advantage… Alright, so he will attack you with his flaming spear.
Kostadis Roussos: And that is a critical… no, that's the… okay, so you take quite a bit of damage, Zephyr.
Thomas Kolivakis: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: You take.
Kostadis Roussos: 11 points of… you take 18 points from the constriction.
Kostadis Roussos: And then you take, march 2, W-2K. There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: And you take, what should you take? You take, 2D8 plus 4 plus 2D6.
Kostadis Roussos: Fire damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Take 21, so you take, quite a bit of damage. You take 39 points of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: To how much?
Kostadis Roussos: 39, but you're a rogue, right? So I think you have the disengage action?
Kostadis Roussos: The, the, the evasion, evasion, or, like, you have some ability to reduce your damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, when you're subjected to… to mix… no, it has to be a dexterity saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And isn't there… don't you have a do- uncanny dodge?
Thomas Kolivakis: When an attacker could see… no, you can see he hits you with an attack, you could take a reaction to have the attacks damaged against you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… I would have the, right.
Kostadis Roussos: I would have the… take… remove 5 points of damage from that.
Thomas Kolivakis: Remove the five points?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because the fire damage is not an attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So I looked at which was the most amount of damage that was caused, and I divided that by 2. There were two attacks, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait, can I… how many times can I use Uncanny Dodge?
Kostadis Roussos: Once per turn, it burns a reaction.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: So I take… 30… 30?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, 33.
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait.
Kostadis Roussos: This other… Salamander.
Kostadis Roussos: sees Sequoia, and decides to attack him.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your hit point situation, Nick?
ncroussos: 40…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Calmer's got the fire shield. Okay, here's what he's gonna do.
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to use his ranged weapon against Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Except that's not an advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so that's a 10 as a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he uses it again.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's also a mess. Alright, Sequoia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: J.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you guys see, the one… the guy over here has got… you can see their hit points, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Who's more injured, who's less injured?
ncroussos: Correct.
ncroussos: No sneak attack, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Well… Do you have… do you have a Vex weapon?
ncroussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you use your Vex weapon first, and hit, then the second weapon gets a sneak attack, because it's attacks with advantage.
ncroussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
ncroussos: Wow, that was a critical miss. But, lucky.
Kostadis Roussos: Lucky! Alright, that's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: So your first attack doesn't get the sneak attack, your second attack may get a sneak attack bonus.
ncroussos: 9 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
ncroussos: kit.
ncroussos: for 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but because this is a fire salamander.
Kostadis Roussos: But it's at the end of its turn. Okay.
ncroussos: Malettech glass.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you done?
ncroussos: One more hit attack, right? Or no?
Kostadis Roussos: No, because you started with the Vex weapon.
ncroussos: Oh, okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: If you start with the Nick weapon, yes. If you start with the Vex weapon, no. Does that make sense?
ncroussos: Yeah. I'll just disengage, Bob.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, Europe.
george: Yeah,
george: I'll attack.
george: The guy who's low on hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. You charge right at him?
george: Drop.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, bang, bang, bang, slap, slap, slap.
george: with his armor class?
Kostadis Roussos: His armor class is, 15.
george: Good chance.
george: I do… 11 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: You do 11 points of damage?
george: Is he still upheld?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you just killed him.
george: Okay, I'll stop there.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't want to attack the other guy who's fully healed?
george: Shoot.
Kostadis Roussos: Just basketball.
george: Attacks them.
george: It's 15, is I never guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
george: I do a Poussutanage.
Kostadis Roussos: 8 points of damage? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's see… I just realized Palmer himself has got all sorts of special abilities that I barely understand.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a lot about this campaign that we've been… it's been so much more sneaking, spying, paranoia that we haven't actually had a decent combat.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, which is fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's see what spells we have.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Toll of the Dead is a decent spell, but that's, like… Perfection…
Kostadis Roussos: Already got a concentration spell going, so I can't use another one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Toll the dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And… that is… Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: Not a very good die roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wisdom.
Kostadis Roussos: And he makes a saving throw. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the salamander some of a sudden does… Something very strange.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The salamander suddenly stops, and kneels.
Thomas Kolivakis: I've done.
Kostadis Roussos: And puts his weapon down.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oop.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your next move?
Thomas Kolivakis: well…
george: Put his weapon down.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, wait, let's not attack him, let's… Also done next time.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody speak… For languages.
Thomas Kolivakis: I swoop.
Kostadis Roussos: any comprehend languages? What languages do you guys speak?
george: I speak common.
Thomas Kolivakis: Undercommented?
george: work.
Kostadis Roussos: What about you, Nick?
ncroussos: Common, giant, work, thieves, Kinden, undercommon.
Thomas Kolivakis: Call Blue Gate, I don't ship.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, unfortunately, none of you speak his language, he doesn't speak your language.
Kostadis Roussos: But… So, we're gonna have to do this, the, the, the miming way. Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your insight or perception… insight or investigation to figure out what he's saying.
Thomas Kolivakis: investigation… oh!
Kostadis Roussos: Someone else will.
george: I don't know if you will.
Kostadis Roussos: What about you, Nico, Nicholas?
ncroussos: Investigation?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, or Insight, whichever one you want.
ncroussos: Can I get help?
Kostadis Roussos: Commer has a plus 8. Do you want.
ncroussos: I have a plus 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, in that case, I'm helping you, man.
Kostadis Roussos: That is neat. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that is an 18. Alright. So, the first… what you immediately get is that he is… the creature is clearly not interested in fighting anymore.
Kostadis Roussos: And… that… Okay, so it's clearly not interested in fighting anymore, and may be open to an arrangement.
george: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: He doesn't want to hurt.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Thomas Kolivakis: Or I'll see.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll try to tell them that we are the new bosses.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so roll your…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you have to, like, pers- you have to, like, do that, like…
Kostadis Roussos: How would you do it? So you can't communicate, so you're gonna have to, like, roll…
Kostadis Roussos: Your persuasion, and he's gonna have to figure out.
Thomas Kolivakis: 13th.
Kostadis Roussos: You'd rolled a 13.
george: Real, real.
Kostadis Roussos: No, whoever's… I mean, he's… Zephyr has a very high persuasion, if I'm not mistaken, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So, no, you successfully… the, the… and so what did you say? I'm sorry, I was trying to juggle too many things at the same time. Can you repeat what you said?
Thomas Kolivakis: So…
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm talking to, to,
Kostadis Roussos: What did you want to tell him? I'm sorry, I forgot what you wanted to tell him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I want to tell them that we are the new kings here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. He acknowledges that.
Kostadis Roussos: He acknowledges that.
Kostadis Roussos: He stands up, and he points to the fire pit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to… Try to figure out what he's trying to say.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll in insight or Investigation again.
Thomas Kolivakis: Investigation?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, anybody.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm helping, I'm helping, what's…
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I got a $22.
Kostadis Roussos: Gotta talk.
ncroussos: Oh, and dive.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, what you're getting is that the creature has made it clear that the treasure is yours as you are the new bosses.
Thomas Kolivakis: Treasure. So the big ruby thing?
Kostadis Roussos: In, in the pit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, I'll go check the treasure out.
Kostadis Roussos: But before he does that, he puts his sword… he puts his spear down, pointing down, as if he wants to make one more offer.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, what is it?
Kostadis Roussos: So what is the offer? He pulls out a contract.
Thomas Kolivakis: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you read the contract?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will tell you what the theme of the contract is. The minute you've touched the contract, the language changes in place.
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: And the contract says…
Kostadis Roussos: refers to the salamander by his name, Vorkal, and tells you that he is more than happy to switch his loyalties to the new leaders of the Fire Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, we're cool.
Thomas Kolivakis: We will need your help.
Kostadis Roussos: And that… well, no, no, there's all… and he, and he points, he takes his spear and points to the bottom where you're expected to sign.
Thomas Kolivakis: Cold.
Kostadis Roussos: With blood?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you have some… if you have blood, that's always, you know, in style, but, you know…
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, I cut myself in.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you read the contract, or just go ahead and sign.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll read, I'll read it off.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I was just gonna say.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the good news is this is a boilerplate contract, and as a tiefling, you've seen these before.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're not, surprised with, some of the boilerplate.
Kostadis Roussos: You're, you're not surprised with,
Kostadis Roussos: some of the, some of the clauses, which I'm assuming you immediately strike out, you know, the ones that involve your soul… your soul going to…
Kostadis Roussos: So the salamander and things like that, correct?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep, I'll find it.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, you remove those clauses, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Which clause?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you read the clause, and basically what it sounds like is that he's trying… he'll work for you, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: If you… that you also… he also owns a part of you, so…
Thomas Kolivakis: Mmm, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: No, honey, you say no, you strike those clauses?
Kostadis Roussos: The salamander shrugs.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's being what he is. He's not, you know, he's not trying to pull a fast one, he is what he is.
Kostadis Roussos: And… .
Thomas Kolivakis: They're all natively, they're all native?
Kostadis Roussos: He says, he goes,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So he informed… so what the contract says is he's happy to guard the Fire Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he's going to say, you know, he's gonna continue performing his job.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you don't have to worry about the Fire Temple being plundered or attacked by anybody else as long as he's guarding it.
Kostadis Roussos: He's also happy to fight, you know, anybody from the Water Temple that's still alive.
Thomas Kolivakis: Get on permission.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And, and, he knows things about… the…
Kostadis Roussos: the fire… he knows things about the greater temple that he was willing to share if their relationship… if the relationship proves to be useful.
Kostadis Roussos: He lets you know that he has information about the Greater Temple and what really is going on, but only if someone is really… only if you are willing to… if you demonstrate, if the business relationship improves.
Thomas Kolivakis: True.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you want to go look inside the treasure?
Kostadis Roussos: So you now… you've now acquired a Fire Salamander as a retainer.
Kostadis Roussos: In some sense, he works for you.
Thomas Kolivakis: I shake his hand.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you really want to do that? Because you'll take 2d6 points of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: I will die sooner.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm just checking.
Kostadis Roussos: Just checking.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer turns to you and says, Zephyr, do you think this is appropriate for us to be making alliances with Fire Temple creatures? After all, I am the new Earth Temple cleric, and I don't know whether that's appropriate.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, it's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, what do you think? I trust your judgment on these things.
george: I think you're going in too deep.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going in too deep?
george: You're not, you're not a real cleric for the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but there's appearances. Sequoia, perhaps you have some thoughts?
Kostadis Roussos: None? Well, you're always the… you're always Mr. Direct, let's get things done, you know, don't come up…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't, don't spend too much time in subtlety and confusion.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at Xenia and says, Xenia, you do seem to have a reputation… I have trusted your judgment in the past, and you do understand the art of, spying, and so if you say I'm going too deep, I will, in fact, believe you.
george: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: You are a professional, and I respect professionals. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: This one's not…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, here we go. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see what mine we are in.
Kostadis Roussos: 212.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so does somebody want to open the, who's… so who goes in to open the chest?
george: Include.
ncroussos: I got it. I have an 11 flight of hand.
Kostadis Roussos: 11 sleight of hands?
ncroussos: plus 11.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Colmar turns to you and says, Zephyr, Is that fair?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: When it's the four of us, you may give me commands, but don't forget who is in charge.
Kostadis Roussos: This one.
Thomas Kolivakis: yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: We are also a team.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you ask… please refer to me furthermore, from what flower as the Prophet Calmer.
Thomas Kolivakis: I don't know.
Thomas Kolivakis: They're just calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: If I wish to be called… I am the prophet of the earth temple, and you will refer to me as…
Kostadis Roussos: Prophet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Nick, you roll a D11?
ncroussos: 26?
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, And you are able to…
Kostadis Roussos: You, as you open the box, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You're… thankfully, you used your sleight of hands, because you missed a save.
Kostadis Roussos: That… like, slices through the air, and almost completely… that just barely misses you. Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: In the box… Our two potions of fire resistance.
Kostadis Roussos: So this is why this is known as a guy… this is… this is Nicholas. Now you are about to find out why we refer to our house as the Gygax House.
Kostadis Roussos: Because in the treasure of the monster you're trying to kill is the things you needed to kill the monster.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, 2 Potions of fire resistance, so I'll put those in the, party, party treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Pushing… Fire resistance.
Kostadis Roussos: Do party… oops, how many of these did we say? Two, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And then, what else did you guys find?
Kostadis Roussos: A ring of fire resistance.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: And… What else do we have?
Kostadis Roussos: And… a magical… Sword.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see what it is,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So… and a magical sword. Who wants to pick up the magical sword?
Kostadis Roussos: That's wrong.
george: needs it.
Kostadis Roussos: So first question is,
Kostadis Roussos: Who wants to pick it up?
Kostadis Roussos: So let's see. Look at your inventory and tell me what you all have.
Thomas Kolivakis: I… I don't think I need a sword.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: I just look.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you have a sword?
Kostadis Roussos: No daggers. Nick? Is it a short.
Thomas Kolivakis: first?
Kostadis Roussos: Good morning.
ncroussos: Sorry, I didn't hear you. What?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a magical sword in the box.
ncroussos: Investigation?
ncroussos: So I do that, like, would that…
Kostadis Roussos: Arcana check.
Kostadis Roussos: Bruh.
ncroussos: Did anybody have a better than a plus 3?
george: Oh, what?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, does anybody have better than a plus 3?
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer's got a plus 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Arcana. Plus zero.
Kostadis Roussos: You are an arcane.
ncroussos: Everybody ever put 3.
ncroussos: That's…
Kostadis Roussos: fix it.
ncroussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: You're the arcane Trickster, so I'd be surprised if anybody had a better one.
ncroussos: 12…
Kostadis Roussos: What strikes you odd is that the sword is cold.
ncroussos: I'm about to get frostbite if I touch the thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Not frostbite, per se, just cold. Like, it's in a box.
Kostadis Roussos: In a fire pit, and it's cold.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, did you pick it up?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude…
ncroussos: Could I have a glove?
Kostadis Roussos: You gonna pick it up?
ncroussos: Can I have, like, a glove?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, you can pick it up with a glove.
ncroussos: Or can I, like, put it on a set of sticks and, like, pick up the sticks instead?
ncroussos: Actually, like, can I pick up the chest?
ncroussos: I want to pick up the chest, and flip it onto the ground till the thorn falls out.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. The, the, the, the, the items fall on the floor, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it's still there on the floor.
ncroussos: It's still cold?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, so cold.
ncroussos: I don't trust this.
ncroussos: At all.
ncroussos: I'll use Mage Hand to pick it up.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you use Mage Hand.
Kostadis Roussos: And… it coughs for a minute.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you hear an audible cough.
ncroussos: It's one of the weapons.
ncroussos: Hey, buddy, how's it going?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… Yes.
ncroussos: Are you gonna kill me if I touch you?
Kostadis Roussos: No! Why would I kill you?
ncroussos: Magical trap, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: You just… well, first of all, you removed me from that box. Do you know how annoying it is to be in a box?
ncroussos: Alright, I pick it up now with my hand.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
ncroussos: Let's go Talking Sword.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yes, of course it is.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, hold on, let me just get… I need to… I need to get the abilities of it, because I have the 5th edition ones, but not the 1st Edition one.
Kostadis Roussos: I have, there's no equivalent of such a thing.
Kostadis Roussos: In the first edition.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it declares itself, what does it declare itself? It declares itself…
Kostadis Roussos: It declares itself…
Kostadis Roussos: It says, I am the great sword Frostbradened.
Kostadis Roussos: And, is any of you… do any of you… are any of you good?
Thomas Kolivakis: Good one. You're alone.
ncroussos: Yes, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: No, are you… does it… do any of you have a good alignment?
ncroussos: Where do I check alignment?
Thomas Kolivakis: Teachers and trees?
Thomas Kolivakis: In our background?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm neutral.
ncroussos: Neutral good.
george: God bless you.
Kostadis Roussos: Under Features and Trades.
ncroussos: I think Calmer might be.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I think Commer is lawful good.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I can only be held by those of the good alignment. It sort of spins around. Like, you know, like, spins and then points itself at, at you, Zephyr, and says, no.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your alignment, Xenia?
george: We can't find it.
ncroussos: It's in, background.
george: Backup.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
george: Oh, chaotic goods.
Kostadis Roussos: You, Pat, you are a possibility.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he looks at, you, Sequoia, you are also a possibility, and then he looks at Cuthbert, and he says, but you, you are exactly what I was looking for.
ncroussos: They'd just be putting anything into dinosaurs nowadays.
Kostadis Roussos: The sword… sword… do you drop the… you're still holding it up of the mage hand.
ncroussos: I'm holding with my hand.
Kostadis Roussos: You're holding it with your hand, he goes, Very well. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly… so he, he, he stands up. Well, I am a powerful weapon for the forces of good.
ncroussos: What's your name?
Kostadis Roussos: Frostbrand.
ncroussos: How long have you been in that box?
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, he goes, A very long time, at least since the Battle of Emery Meadows, when I was picked up as a trophy by the forces of… Pauses. Where's Ulrim? And who are you?
Thomas Kolivakis: for you.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's pointing… yeah, he's asking you, like, who are… you're the one who's holding him, so he's asking you.
ncroussos: named Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia. Could we get out of the fire pit?
ncroussos: We're kind of on an undercover mission right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but could we get out of this fire pit and get onto the floor of the temple instead of being in the fire pit?
ncroussos: Everybody grabbed everything they wanted in here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you grabbed everything you wanted.
ncroussos: Okay, yeah, that'll go.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, you don't have to leave the fire temple, you're in the fire… just the fire pit.
ncroussos: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay. He stands up, he goes, What? What? And he starts speaking salamander to the salamander.
Thomas Kolivakis: We know this guy?
Kostadis Roussos: No, the Frost brand.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The magical sword suddenly starts speaking salamander, fire salamander, to the fire salamander.
Kostadis Roussos: The fire salamander growls and grumbles.
Thomas Kolivakis: I don't…
Kostadis Roussos: Whoops.
Thomas Kolivakis: The loyal… loyal subordinate.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Thomas Kolivakis: Letters be corrected.
Kostadis Roussos: goes, Verkhall?
Kostadis Roussos: You are… he was my prisoner, I demand satisfaction!
Thomas Kolivakis: President, aren't you a sword?
Kostadis Roussos: I was HIS prisoner! I was trapped in that box, and he was my guard. I couldn't escape because of this.
Thomas Kolivakis: All is forgiven.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll of persuasion.
Thomas Kolivakis: Row 14?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Does anybody, does anybody want to help him?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll again.
Thomas Kolivakis: preservation.
Thomas Kolivakis: I have a 24.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The sword pauses and looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Who shall possess me?
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia?
Kostadis Roussos: Turns to the… to you, Xenia. You! I have no face! What is your name?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, and you are Saint… you are one of St. Cupport's.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to a columnar and goes, Yes, yes, but we're trying to keep that on the down, no, I'm currently pretending to be a member of the Earth Temple. He goes, you are pretending to be a member of the Earth Temple! You're starting to realize this sword has opinions about being overly good. You might want to intimidate it and tell it to shut up because you have a plan.
george: We're gonna, we're gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: get the.
george: Don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Because it's our…
george: sites.
Kostadis Roussos: To ruin it.
Kostadis Roussos: Susania, you give him the whole explanation of the spying?
george: I'm a bit vague about it.
Kostadis Roussos: But you give them enough to know that there's a plan, right? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I admire, so we are… we are deep undercover! Yes, is that the plan?
george: Yes, soothes…
Kostadis Roussos: We are sneaking around!
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses. Well, I like that! Yes, that is an excellent plan!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who wants the sword?
Kostadis Roussos: So, who, who's got, who's got, who's magical, whose magic weapons? It's a short sword, just so we're on the.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I could use it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? But you can't, because you're not good. He won't work… he will… he will not let you use it, so…
Thomas Kolivakis: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: So, either Sequoia or, Xenia.
george: What is the… what's the sourceability?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, don't forget, it's… you don't… you can't… you don't get your unhanded attack, so kind of land… so just…
Kostadis Roussos: It would be one of those, situations, but it's a…
george: forgive them.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
george: I don't really use weapons.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, Sequoia?
ncroussos: Sorry, what, sorry, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Somebody has to grab the… somebody has to possess the sword. You're currently.
ncroussos: I will.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll take the sword.
ncroussos: Kind of in my hand right now, yes, I'll put that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, okay, so it's in your hand, and he goes, Sequoia and I shall sneak around and kill creatures! Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: We shall defeat the evil of the Temple of Elementary Evil, we shall acquire our vengeance! We shall…
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: We shall, we shall, she's, like, going on and on. Vorkal, if it was possible for somebody to look more bored, is looking bored and rolls his eyes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Protect the temple. We will be back one day.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll be back.
Thomas Kolivakis: I expect loyalty.
Kostadis Roussos: The Frostbrand mutters something to Verkal that Verkal, realizes is,
Kostadis Roussos: That Virkhal slaps at. They curse each other, and then keep going. Alright. So, you've managed to raid the Fire Temple. There's a bit of the rooms of the Fire Temple, folks. Would you like to go explore what they left behind?
Thomas Kolivakis: Sure.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's go plunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Plunder?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you find a secret door to the north.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can you guys see it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, who wishes to open the door?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll do it.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll do it. Alright, you open the door. Calmer's very pleased to see that you are now taking the lead.
Kostadis Roussos: This lavishly 30 foot by square of chamber is dimly lit by torches and sconces on the east and west walls. The many crescents and candle bars, labras are unlit. Colors here are hot, bright ones, reds, orange, and yellows.
Kostadis Roussos: The tapestries on the walls depict the scenes of the triumph of elemental fire, elemental evil of fire. Cushions, low tables, and stools are all about, but only one chair is here. A huge wooden seat lacquered by red and gilt. A gold skull appears on the armrests above the back.
Kostadis Roussos: There is a, there is a tired-looking man with wounds on his body sitting in the chair.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: He, clearly, he, you, you, from the equipment he has, you guess that he is,
Kostadis Roussos: He speaks, he, he was the former commander of the, of the Fire Temp… of the Fire Temple forces.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks wounded and afraid.
Thomas Kolivakis: It's alright. There's a new,
Thomas Kolivakis: There's a change in leadership, but… We will not harm you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Do you need?
Thomas Kolivakis: Go on, we'll heal you.
Kostadis Roussos: So wait, you just start off with, I'm, I'm, do not be afraid, I'm here to help?
Thomas Kolivakis: Third.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, and… is confused.
Thomas Kolivakis: What is your name?
Kostadis Roussos: What is my name?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, My name. I need a name, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and says, Who are you?
Kostadis Roussos: Then he looks at you and says, oh, it's you. The obsidian edge, the interlopers who killed my… who killed Alrem, destroyed my temple, massacred my forces. Have you come here to finish the job?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well then, he pulls out a sword. I won't go down without a fight!
Thomas Kolivakis: No, I lied. It's okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: you… you can continue being a Fire Temple soldier.
Thomas Kolivakis: We will leave you be.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll leave me be.
Thomas Kolivakis: But… are the new bosses, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so is this your plan? You're just gonna let him be?
Thomas Kolivakis: If he doesn't interfere with us, I don't find a reason.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's fair, that's fair. So you're just gonna let your… okay. Do you want to check this… does anybody want to see what his intent of Colmer says? And let it be known that there has been a recent readjustment of the supreme leadership of the Upper Temple, and that I now am in charge.
Thomas Kolivakis: We are a church, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, the Obsidian Edge and the Chief Cleric is myself, Culver.
Kostadis Roussos: And these are my loyal henchmen, he points to you, and you will, of course, be subordinate to Dren Helveth, who is the commander, supreme commander of the Earth Temple Forces.
Thomas Kolivakis: this.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Sequoia, you gonna go with this?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: You looked over the guy, and you realize he has some… he has some gold and treasure. Do you guys want to tell him he has to pay it over, or are you gonna let him keep it?
Thomas Kolivakis: Where's gold you have there?
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia… so Zephyr's gonna ask for it. Sequoia, do you… Xenia, do you guys want to do anything, or do you want to let him be?
george: I learned who you've saved.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna let him be? Yeah. Here, okay, Sequoia, what do you think?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. So, you're not even… you're not gonna even demand a tribute?
ncroussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope. Alright. So, Zephyr, you're gonna demand a tribute?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm gonna say… Two gold coins for sparing your life, please.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer looks at you and goes, just two?
Thomas Kolivakis: What I demand is not money, but respect.
Kostadis Roussos: He hands you two gold pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: He is very confused.
Thomas Kolivakis: I will not forget this.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and says, Nor will I.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You keep exploring. Alright. Alright. Do you keep going north?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just, make a note that you guys now have another,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright. Okay, so this is the captain.
Kostadis Roussos: is the captain.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'll just make him yellow, let me just give him his color, just put his color so it's red, so it's obvious who he is.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. So, to the north?
Thomas Kolivakis: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: To the north it is.
Kostadis Roussos: This eastern side room is 10 feet and 20 feet, and less lavishly furnished. It has a few tapestries and small rugs, torches burning and wall sconces, a small table with a candelabra, a couch, two chairs, and a chest and a brazier.
Kostadis Roussos: A book lies upon a small stand near the couch. A few serving pieces of brass and copper are scattered around the table.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Do you want to explore it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You learn… you learn about… the book has… okay, so the chest… what is… let me just see what the chest has…
Kostadis Roussos: Great prosci.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, sorry guys, I got confused as to what room we were in.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Again, this room has been emptied. The occupant is one of the people who died during the battles that you guys… that were fought over the last few days.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's why I'm confused.
Kostadis Roussos: And that is why I'm confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, where's it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I see. The reason I was confused is because I read you the wrong chamber. I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: 205B. Alright, sorry, I read to you the wrong room description, my bad.
Kostadis Roussos: My bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this 20 by 30 foot chamber is thickly strewn with rugs, carpets, and tapestries over the walls. Illumination comes from several candelabra. Plush furniture and soft cushions are everywhere. The colors are all bright, scarlet, hot, orange, fiery gold, and brilliant. Small tables hold ewes and cups, and dishes of nuts and sweetmeats.
Kostadis Roussos: A large box stands near the fireplace. The plastered ceiling is painted with scenes of demons and humans and lewd activities. Under the heap of pillows.
Kostadis Roussos: Is a hooded robe of scarlet hue.
Kostadis Roussos: You can tell, as you walk in, you notice that there is somebody trying to grab everything that's… is obviously somebody who looks like an earth cleric, trying to grab as much as he can to run away.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, not Earth Cleric, Fire Cleric.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys wish to kill him? Try to co-opt him? What would you like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Why are you fleeing?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that… is that your opening?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well… He sees you, and he is furious.
Kostadis Roussos: Because you have killed everything that mattered to him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Are we killing, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you destroyed the whole temple of… this whole temple of, the Temple of Fire.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, sometimes in my life, we have to…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not saying you did anything… I'm not saying you did anything wrong, I'm just telling you that he's pissed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Thomas Kolivakis: I explained to him.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's too… like, your opening… okay, so your opening gambit, caused him to get to… he sees you walk in, he sees… you asked him a question, he's about to attack you, so you… you can try to convince him otherwise.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you guys try to convince them? Sequoia, do you want to use… try anything? Do you guys… what would you guys like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's all go hug him together to surprise him.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna… is that the plan? Try to hug him?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So you, so you all approach to hug him. Alright. I guess that would be a grapple. Roll to hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: That's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: No, a grapple is actually not a hit, so, in 5th edition, new rules for grapple are…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you have to do an unarmed strike.
george: All of this?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, whoever wants to try to grapple him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Natural 20.
Kostadis Roussos: You got a natural 20, alright.
george: Shoot.
Kostadis Roussos: So, does anybody else want to grapple him? You have advantage now, because he's been grappled.
george: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's grappled by you again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Calmer's like, I do not grapple, members of the Earth Fire Temple. Sequoia, are you gonna grapple this guy, or are you gonna let the two of them hold onto him?
ncroussos: I'll go for him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now he's in a group hug.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zephyr, now you can try to talk to him again.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, sometimes we lose things that are due to us, but…
Thomas Kolivakis: We gain a freedom that is more important.
Thomas Kolivakis: And with that freedom, I… You can choose to do whatever you want.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, you could be our subordinate, or you could leave the temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Thanks, buddy.
Kostadis Roussos: And Colbert says, or you can die, or you can die, let's not forget that option.
Thomas Kolivakis: Dying and fighting us is not an option.
Kostadis Roussos: So, maybe…
Thomas Kolivakis: your decision.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce says, no, no, you can fight us, and we will kill you, right? Sequoia? Zephyr?
Thomas Kolivakis: We don't hunt for a blogger.
Kostadis Roussos: Zeb Calder looks at you, I thought you were an assassin!
Kostadis Roussos: Reddit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Now we are leaders, and you must conduct yourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, fair enough. So, he looks at you and says, So, what would be the deal?
Thomas Kolivakis: Mmm.
Thomas Kolivakis: If you want to leave the temple, we'll allow you to do so. If you want to stay, you must be my subordinate.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce says.
Thomas Kolivakis: Our subordinate.
Thomas Kolivakis: the Cleric and us support it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. Yes, Calmer says, you must acknowledge that the Earth Temple is now supreme, and that the Fire Temple is subordinate to Earth. You must acknowledge the power of earth over fire.
Kostadis Roussos: The cleric looks at Calmer, looks at the fact that the three of you are standing around him with a dagger next to his throat, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I never really liked Aldrum.
Kostadis Roussos: I never… I never really liked Alrem. Kalmu says, Are there any more clerics of fire alive?
Kostadis Roussos: The cleric says.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: You now… you guys can choose to make this guy the new head cleric of the Fire Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, then you head Clerk. Go find the captain of Fire Guide.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna go tell the captain of the fire guy that this is the new… he's the new boss? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, guys.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's go find your troops, organize place, make it clean.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna be looking… we got other work to do? Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Kalmer says, well, since we've had so much success here, do you want to continue looking at the Fire Temple, or shall we go and deal with the Water Temple? I'm feeling particularly emboldened right now.
Thomas Kolivakis: You can go to the fire tab.
Kostadis Roussos: The Water Temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: water template.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he goes, well, we've accomplished quite a bit. We have a new, we have a new captain who's now loyal to us. The Earth Temple's… the Fire Temple's elemental power is now subordinate to the Earth Temple. The Earth Temple Cleric has acknowledged our role in power.
Kostadis Roussos: What more could we ask for?
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, do you… are you… what do you think? Are we doing well?
ncroussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I think, I think we're doing fabulously. I think, I think that one of the most important things in power is to recognize when you have it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, how about everybody take a short rest, I presume?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: And to the Water Temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, the main temple is, you guys know where the main temple is, right? It's, like, right here.
Kostadis Roussos: You haven't explored, and there's this big water pit over here that you haven't explored, so what would you like to do?
Kostadis Roussos: Go into the main water temple and see what's there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Plunder its treasure?
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's go inside.
Thomas Kolivakis: See if, candle is still live. I don't know, that's, that's airtime.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Killnose and the Air Temple, remember that, yeah?
Thomas Kolivakis: There's 5,000 people in the water.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna go fight. Okay, so you arrive back into the water temple's, into the water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. That was kind of annoying.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's not…
Kostadis Roussos: This huge hall, I mean, you saw the picture, you see the guys, the picture I drew… I shared with you on Discord? Yes. So that's kind of what it looks like, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: The floor and walls are covered in slabs of polished stone, apparently azerite, malachite, from the swirls of the blue intermingled with the deep green. Some magic has evidently been placed here, for a soft, cloudy, greenish luminosity seeps from the walls and floors.
Kostadis Roussos: Seemingly floating in the air, making the whole chambers of piers of deep underwater. This impression is enhanced by the bronze doors, fountains, and other work. All are covered with very degree, even in the damp air… even the damp air seems to smell of the sea.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Several of the weird things in this place come in… several weird things in this place come to your immediate attention.
Kostadis Roussos: sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: In the middle of the west wall is a great sheet of bronze, alright? A boss relief. So you know what boss relief? It's basically where they essentially… you know how in the ancient Greek statues, ancient Greek walls, they'd have these little statues, and they would sculpt the stone?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so that's what they mean by boss relief.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a great sheet of bronze, a bas-relief, and of underwater vista, seaweed shells, and various forms of marine life. The head of a fish-like thing projects from this, a most hideous visage. Its ghastly maw emits a stream of water, which falls into a tiered series of four basins.
Kostadis Roussos: The fourth and largest never overflows, so it must have a drain system near it somewhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Near the mid-portion of the hall, some 40 foot distant from the east wall and 30 feet from the north wall, is a bronze altar with many marine creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: sculpted…
Kostadis Roussos: Sculpted in boss release upon its size. It is about 4 feet high and round with a 10-foot diameter. Its top is concave, and a shallow basin apparently about 2 feet deep, is filled with water.
Kostadis Roussos: The bottom of the basin is filled with coins, a sprinkling of gems, and many small seashells. In the mouth of a 20… okay, so far?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: And in the mouth of a 20-foot-wide alcove south of the altar basin stands an idol or statue of a serpentine stone, expertly sculpted to depict a writhing, amorphous agglomeration of fish, eels, octopi, and other marine monsters.
Kostadis Roussos: The horrid thing is about 8 feet high and nearly as broad, the hole forming a globular mass standing about 4 feet from the altar basin.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll also notice four pillars with gargoyles on them, stone. Okay. So there's the sheet of bronze, the altar and the statue, and the gargoyles. What would you like to explore first?
Kostadis Roussos: There's also the curtain behind the statue, which you…
Thomas Kolivakis: Sheet of… sheet of bronze.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that your… is that what everybody goes?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I would like to value to see if… if it works, if it's worthwhile.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're going to the sheet of bronze.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you all following him?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: What do you want to do with this sheet? What do you want to do with it?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I'd like to… Let's see if it's real, then…
Kostadis Roussos: You wanna see if it's real?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it is real, how do you check whether it's real?
Thomas Kolivakis: I knock on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're gonna tap on it, see what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: See that statue over there?
Thomas Kolivakis: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: the…
ncroussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure I… I mean, just make sure I didn't get it wrong…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't wanna get this wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the idle over here…
Kostadis Roussos: the… the idle, the statue that I have over here, starts to rotate.
Thomas Kolivakis: the altar?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, just to make things life a little bit more interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: The gargoyles come to life.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright. So, and we shall… Alright, what would you like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, does that… except, like, the spinning, is there anything else happening?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the statues… the stone statues, which used to be stoned, are gargoyles, and they look like they're… they look like they're… like, basically what happened is you improperly touched the temple, the altar. Because you improperly touched the altar, bad things started to happen.
Thomas Kolivakis: Give me free.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer says, well, if we flee, we'll never get the treasure, so why don't we just get the treasure?
Kostadis Roussos: This is what we're here for!
Kostadis Roussos: I want to plunder!
Thomas Kolivakis: than if B?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: So we get the treasure anonymously?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, yes, but let's, you know, he goes, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Why not… so, yeah, sure, let's get the treasure and then flee.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, but shouldn't we kill these creatures? I mean, this is our temple now.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, let's kill them.
Kostadis Roussos: I go, good! I want to kill them! I want them dead! I want every last one of them dead, dead, dead!
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, Connor.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: If you're so excited, you should start killing.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I was hoping you would ask.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright, just to, Give us a stature, I need to…
Kostadis Roussos: Go Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you think?
ncroussos: Kill him.
Kostadis Roussos: Kill him?
Kostadis Roussos: Kill him. Kill him? He goes, I… I am glad we all agree on this point.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I'm just gonna use this, this icon for the creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll… let's do some rolls for initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Meanwhile, Calmer turns to Sequoia to use Ephra, says, See, I touch… I went… I poured water. At least I didn't put fire on the water temple, but you had to go poke everything with your stick.
Kostadis Roussos: He's making a reference to last time he poured water and everybody picked on him.
Thomas Kolivakis: fall.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Did you roll for initiative?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, no.
Thomas Kolivakis: 27 for Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: 27 for Zephyr. Alright, Sequoia?
ncroussos: Alright.
ncroussos: 27… I got a 77.
Kostadis Roussos: Both of you got 27?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia27, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Red turn… Is that for… Xenia, what's your initiative? 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Five? How'd you do that, man?
george: over the wood.
Kostadis Roussos: Ouch.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia Zephyr?
Kostadis Roussos: And, calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer, even Calmer has better initiative than you this time.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zephyr, you're up first.
Thomas Kolivakis: At first? Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll tag the guy next to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: are they resistant to… to… Good.
Thomas Kolivakis: Slashing.
Thomas Kolivakis: Pearson?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, they're not resistant to anything, actually.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: First.
Thomas Kolivakis: What's the AC?
Kostadis Roussos: 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: my pack.
Kostadis Roussos: Ouch. You'd have a second attack, remember?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: I make it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you got,
Kostadis Roussos: As an assassin, you get a special ability, I don't remember, is it a automatic critical, or it's automatic advantage?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I have sneak attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you get… roll your attack, and we'll see what you have to double.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, it's additionally damaged.
Thomas Kolivakis: If you're sneak attacked.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yeah, it takes an additional 8 damage. Alright, okay, so it's, your sneak attack bonus plus 8. Okay, go.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: I do…
Thomas Kolivakis: 6 plus… 4d6…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, 40… you're, what, you're, 8th level?
Thomas Kolivakis: Electric.
Kostadis Roussos: 1, 3…
Thomas Kolivakis: 46, 46.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, 4D6.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, 6 plus… 12, so 18 plus 8, 26.
Kostadis Roussos: 26. Alright. Sequoia, you're up.
ncroussos: Great.
ncroussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna tack this guy over here? Alright, this guy over here.
ncroussos: Did I accidentally… Oh, no, I didn't. Sorry, I thought I accidentally clicked out of my…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And we'll stop after, Sequoia's attack.
ncroussos: I thought I accidentally quit out of my,
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I got it, I got it.
ncroussos: Or it looked like I actually did accidentally cut out of my chrome.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
ncroussos: Sorry about that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it.
ncroussos: I'll attack the one right here.
Kostadis Roussos: The one you're… the one I just, put you next to? Alright. I put a number 1 so that we can keep track of them. Alright. Go.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. How much damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you using your Vexor… what?
ncroussos: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: 21 points of damage, is that it?
ncroussos: Yeah, for my first attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
ncroussos: Stick for my second attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna stay next to him, or are you gonna disengage?
ncroussos: Yeah, I'll disengage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… There? Alright. Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer does what he always does under these circumstances.
Kostadis Roussos: Features and traits.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Calmer uses his, Channel Divinity.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's not gonna do that. He's going to use his, he's gonna cast,
Kostadis Roussos: He's not gonna use his Channel of Divinity, he's gonna go to his spells, and he's going to cast, what's it called?
Kostadis Roussos: 4th level Spirit Guardians.
Kostadis Roussos: So… That is 20 points of damage, right? So he will give himself a… 15 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, both the two gargoyles there have to make a sing throw.
Kostadis Roussos: What is it? System BC?
Kostadis Roussos: DC… Alright, the first one blows it, and dies.
Kostadis Roussos: The second one… Blows it, and takes 21 points of damage, and is slewed.
Kostadis Roussos: So let me just make that, make that note.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then calmer, what does calmer do?
Kostadis Roussos: And calmer is going to move over here, over here, over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And try to cause damage to the critic… to that creature over there as well.
Kostadis Roussos: And the creature blows its saving throw, and it takes 20 points of damage, and is also slowed. Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: And with that, we will stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Good. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you guys having fun? Yeah. Yep. Cope.
ncroussos: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, Xenia!
Kostadis Roussos: Well done on the, convincing, calm… playing your, your background as a spy, telling them to not go too deep. You get an inspiration point for that. That was well done.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that was very well done. I liked it. Alright, take care guys, have fun.
george: Good.
Thomas Kolivakis: Bye-bye.